Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: ComradeAI
Version: 0.18.11
Summary: A protocol and SDK for unified AI service interaction
Home-page: https://github.com/SergeiKarulin/ComradeAI
Author: Sergei Karulin
Author-email: sk@spellsystems.com
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
License-File: LICENSE
Requires-Dist: aiohttp
Requires-Dist: aio-pika
Requires-Dist: beautifulsoup4
Requires-Dist: openpyxl
Requires-Dist: pika
Requires-Dist: Pillow
Requires-Dist: python-docx
Requires-Dist: requests

# ComradeAI
Comrade AI is an open source framework that connects various AI services, such as Gemini Pro, Claude, GPT-3/4, DALL-e, Meta LLaMa2, and Yandex GPT 2, into one unified system. It allows you to build automated workflows and create specialized bots for specific tasks like scheduling or customer service. With Comrade AI, you can enable seamless communication across different platforms, including chat, email, and calls.

What sets Comrade AI apart is its ability to use both open source and commercial AI models. This means you have the freedom to choose the tools that best suit your needs and budget. Additionally, Comrade AI comes with a centralized balance feature. This unique system allows you to manage your resources more efficiently by enabling one-time top-ups for all connected services, saving you the hassle of dealing with multiple payments and accounts.

By linking different AI agents into a collaborative network, Comrade AI enhances their collective effectiveness. This interconnectedness allows for more sophisticated and coordinated activities, tapping into the full potential of AI to support and streamline your operations.

In short, Comrade AI delivers a unified, efficient, and hassle-free way to integrate and manage multiple AI services, catering to your specific requirements and simplifying the process of harnessing the power of AI.

As for Jan 18, 2024 the framework supports Meta LLaMa v2, OpenAI DALLE-3, OpenAI GPT4/Vision, Vertex AI/Google Gemini Pro/Pro Vision, Yandex GPT v2 Async. We are working on getting access to Claude API. 
